Modern React Application with Vite
This README provides a step-by-step guide to set up and run this React project locally. This project uses Vite as a build tool for a fast and modern development experience.

What is Vite?
Vite is a next-generation frontend tooling that provides an extremely fast development server and bundles your code for production. It leverages native ES modules in the browser, which allows for instant server start and lightning-fast Hot Module Replacement (HMR).

In simple terms, it's the engine that makes developing our React application smooth and efficient.

Getting Started
Follow these instructions to get a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

Prerequisites
You need to have Node.js installed on your machine. This will also install npm (Node Package Manager), which is required to manage the project's dependencies.

You can verify your installation by running the following commands in your terminal:

node -v
npm -v

Installation & Setup
Create the React Project using Vite:
Open your terminal and run the following command to create a new React project. You can replace my-first-react-app with your desired project name.

npm create vite@latest my-first-react-app -- --template react

npm create vite@latest: This command initiates the creation of a new Vite project using the latest version.

my-first-react-app: This is the name of the directory that will be created for your project.

-- --template react: This flag specifies that we want to use the official React template.

Navigate to the Project Directory:
Change your current directory to the newly created project folder.

cd my-first-react-app

Install Dependencies:
Once inside the project directory, run this command to download and install all the necessary libraries (like React) that the project depends on.

npm install

Run the Development Server:
Now you're ready to start the local development server.

npm run dev

This command will start the Vite development server. It will output a local URL in your terminal (usually http://localhost:5173). Open this URL in your web browser to see your new React application running live!

Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

npm run dev: Starts the development server with Hot Module Replacement (HMR) enabled.

npm run build: Bundles the app into static files for production. The optimized files will be located in the dist folder.

npm run lint: Runs the linter to analyze code for potential errors.

npm run preview: Starts a local server to preview the production build from the dist folder.
